# Computational_Musicology
Portfolio for Computational Musicology Course

For this corpus I have decided to focus on two main categories/questions. The first thing I’m interested in is the Indie/alternative genre and how this compares to other genres. I find the Indie/alternative a very interesting topic, since according to my spotify this is my most listened to and favorite genre. However, this genre is other than for example rock or techno not defined by a certain set of “rules”, but instead by the fact that it is (supposed to be) made by independent artist. Therefore, I would like to look into the differences in this genre and the difference between this genre as a whole and other genre. I would like to see if these songs (individually) according to analyses might fit different genres “better”, meaning they show more common features, since no real classification is given to them. Therefore, I’ve picked several songs from different decades to compare (to create a wider genre base). Secondly, I would like to analyze different performances of the same song, so my interest would be song covers. What are the differences in style? Was one more popular than another? Can I find a reason why? I think a great example of this is the song Hurt by nine-inch nails. Even though Nine-inch nails are the original creators, it was made extremely famous by Johny cash. I am aware that my song picking was rather arbitrary, and that when comparing the indie genre, the covers might give a twisted image of my comparison to other genres. 
